So back in the app, I deleted the old post, let's create a new one.
There is a bug in our app right now which I overlooked previously.
If I create a new post here, then we see we can edit it
and if I do change something, I can indeed successfully edit it as it should be the case
but if I try to save it without making any changes, I get not authorized and this is probably thrown
by the back-end due to some other reason and not really due to us not being authorized. If we have a look
at our back-end now here in the posts controller for the update post method, we somehow seem to get
into this part here.
Now this probably is the case because if we submit a post where we don't edit anything, it's not updating
the posts and therefore nModified indeed is not greater than zero.
So let's console log the post here if I want to look into that
and let's also console log the result to see if that assumption of the source of that error is correct.
Let's save that and let's go back to our app and reload it and let's try submitting this again.
Of course we get not authorized and if we have a look at our server side log now, we see this is the post
which was created and that is looking good,
that's the most important thing,
it's not missing any information but indeed, nModified is zero here because Mongoose is clever enough
to not override the post in the database
if we didn't change anything. Our error message of course is a bit misleading because we're always assuming
that we can only get there if we're not authorized.
Now what would be correct is to check whether we did find something,
so if
n was one and not just if we did not modify anything.
So the simple fix is to change nModified to n because this will just check, did we find any post where
we tried to do something and that now can only fail if we're not authorized, it will not reach this code
if we were authorized but didn't update anything because we didn't change anything.
So with this change in place if we now go back and reload, I can now save the post and it works as before.
So this is this tiny bug fixed, was overlooked before, should be working correctly now.